# Android-Study-Jam-2021
#### Become an Android Developer. Learn how to build Android apps in Kotlin by following an online curriculum together with a study group. This program is for people who are new to Android.  Tracks for Android Study Jams :  New to Programming Track:  Learn the basics of building Android apps with the Kotlin programming language and develop a collection of simple apps to start your journey as an Android developer! Prior Programming Experience Track: First, learn the essentials of the Kotlin programming language. Then learn the fundamentals of Android development and best practices by building a variety of Android apps in Kotlin. These valuable skills will enable students to build even more compelling projects for the Solution Challenge 2021. Here are few details to help you kick-off Android Study Jams:  What students have to do?  Pick either New to Programming Track or Prior Programming Experience Track as per their current knowledge. Complete all pathways of that track and proceed to another track (in case of those starting with New to Programming Track first).
Earn digital badges on Google Developers profile and certificate of completion. What is the Solution Challenge 2021?  The Solution Challenge is an annual contest presented by Developer Student Clubs (DSC) that invites students to develop solutions for local community problems using one or more Google products or platforms.  Students can complete either of or both the tracks. Although we recommend students to finish courses before 20th Jan 2021 to have a knowledge base to work on projects for the Solutions Challenge 2021.
